README.md, before:

# Office 365 9 Spokes Integration

## Description

This is an Addin for Microsoft Excel which uses APIs to find public data sources such as

- Companies Office
- Yahoo Finance
- Google Trends
- LinkedIn

and displays the data in a dashboard that the user can easily modify, use, and access

## Running the Program

run the following script in your terminal from the root directory

```bash
npm stop
npm start
```

## Installing

run the following script in your terminal from the root directory

```bash
npm install
```

## Current APIs

### we dont have to impliment all of them but this is the best and most useful APIs I've found

### [Companies office](https://api.business.govt.nz/api/)

- directors
- share holding allocations

### [Google Trends](https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-trends-api)

- search frequency of terms
  - by geolocation
  - by time zone
  - by langauge

### [Yahoo Finance](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/yahoo-finance1)

- market summary
- market quotes
- charts

### [LinkedIn](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-au/linkedin/shared/references/v2/profile)

- information about you and your competitors

## Debugging

This app supports debugging using any of the following techniques:

- [Use a browser's developer tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
- [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
- [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)

## Additional Resources

- [Office add-in documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins)
- More Office Add-in samples at [OfficeDev on Github](https://github.com/officedev)

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

added help documentation fixed formatting fixed ranges

README.md, after:

# Office 365 9 Spokes Integration

## Description

This is an Addin for Microsoft Excel which uses APIs to find public data sources such as

- Companies Office
- Yahoo Finance
- Google Trends
- LinkedIn

and displays the data in a dashboard that the user can easily modify, use, and access.

## Running the Programme

run the following script in your terminal from the root directory

```bash
npm stop
npm start
```

## Using the Programme

1. First open the taskpane by clicking the 9spokes logo on the far right hand side under the "Home" tab.
2. Click "Create workbook from template" and reopen the taskpane once the new workbook has been created.
3. Search for a company under the "Set-up" tab, and select the company you'd like to view the data for.
4. Click "import".
5. The data should now be loaded and displayed in the dashboard
6. To view the raw, more detailed data click the "Go to Data" button on the top right title of the data.


## Installing

run the following script in your terminal from the root directory

```bash
npm install
```

## Report a bug or get further

To report a bug or get further help please visit the [9Spokes support page](https://support.9spokes.com/hc/en-us)


## Debugging

This app supports debugging using any of the following techniques:

- [Use a browser's developer tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
- [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
- [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)

## Additional Resources

- [Office add-in documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins)
- More Office Add-in samples at [OfficeDev on Github](https://github.com/officedev)

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
